# Charm Library

*A nice wrapper around ncurses for ruby: Works like a charm!*

This is a fork of the [snowleopard-ncurses](http://rubygems.org/gems/snowleopard-ncurses) gem, because this is the only wrapper I found that works on my Mac with Lion.

The primary goals are:

  * Create a Ruby Wrapper around ncurses that feels like Ruby and not like C without semicolons
  * Run out of the box with the preinstalled version of ncurses on Mac OS X Lion and Ubuntu with Ruby 1.9
  * Write it test-driven with minitest/spec as far as possible

Currently the gem provides you with a library called ncurses which is identical to the original snowleopard-ncurses gem (require 'ncurses'). Step by step the features will be ported to Ruby.

## Dedicated to the code poet, why

Even though this is currently just a cleaned up version of the
snowleopard-ncurses gem, this will be released today. Why? Because today
is why-day. The DSL for creating the commandline interfaces will be
similiar to the Shoes DSL for creating GUIs. I think this is a good
match for a why-day release and by next why-day the 1.0 version will be
released. And I had to release something at Why-Day.

## Thanks

Thanks to the people who developed the original gem:

* (C) 2002, 2003, 2004 Tobias Peters <t-peters@users.berlios.de>
* (C) 2004 Simon Kaczor <skaczor@cox.net>
* (C) 2005 2006 Tobias Herzke <t-peters@users.berlios.de>

A list of people that helped with the original gem:

* Akinori MUSHA   (knu at idaemons dot org)
* Jan Becvar      (jan dot becvar at solnet dot cz)
* Juergen Daubert
* Doug Kearns
* Simon Kaczor    (skaczor at cox dut net)
* Hiroshi Sainohira
* Andreas Schwarz
* Simon Strandgaard
* Paul Duncan
* Tim Sutherland
* Earle Clubb
* Zach Dennis (for the examples)

## Word Of Warning

Even though this should have been delivered with an onion, all you get
is an ASCII Art Fox. Sorry for that.

     /\_/\
     (@ @)
      \_/
       V
